FAQ for contract issues on windows (#443)
matter-labs/zksync-web-era-docs: docs/dev/troubleshooting/faq.md

Sometimes, the team working on zkSync will initiate a regenesis on testnet - a restart of the blockchain which will introduce upgrades and return the state to the initial point.

> ## Can i compile my contracts using a Window?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Why do my contracts not compile in Windows?
```

> Using Windows with the windows binaries will not compile your smart contracts, instead if you're using Windows, then make sure to use WSL 2, since WSL 1 is known to cause troubles.
> 
> Additionally, if you are going to use WSL 2, make sure that your project is located in the linux filesystem, since accessing NTFS partitions from inside of WSL is very slow. For more detailed explanation, check out our system requirement guide for [solidity](https://github.com/matter-labs/era-compiler-solidity/tree/main#system-requirements) and [vyper](https://github.com/matter-labs/era-compiler-vyper/tree/main#system-requirements).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're using Windows, make sure to use WSL 2, since WSL 1 is known to cause trouble.

Additionally, if you are going to use WSL 2, make sure that your project is located in the linux filesystem, since accessing NTFS partitions from inside of WSL is very slow. 
```
